📝 New Blog - Announcing TinaCMS Version 2.0 (#2111)
tinacms/tina.io: content/blog/version-2.mdx

Reviewer: should there be a space around the hyphen, ".... But that's not all—TinaCMS has ....."

---
title: Announcing TinaCMS Version 2.0
date: '2024-07-20T14:00:00.000Z'
last_edited: '2024-07-24T14:00:00.000Z'
author: Jack Pettit
draft: false
---

### Announcing TinaCMS Version 2.0: A New Era of Content Management

We are thrilled to announce the launch of TinaCMS Version 2.0! This major update marks a significant milestone in our journey, bringing powerful new features and enhancements. But that's not all—TinaCMS has been making waves in the tech community, and we're excited to share some of our recent achievements and events.

#### TinaCMS Joined the SSW Family

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software development company and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software development company and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software development company and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software development and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software development company and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software development company and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software development company and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```

> We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software development company and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We were very proud to announce that TinaCMS had officially become part of the SSW family. Acquired by SSW, an Australian software consultancy and long-time Tina customer, this acquisition marked a new chapter for TinaCMS. This partnership will allow us to further enhance our platform and continue delivering top-notch solutions to our community. Rest assured, there will be no disruptions to our service, and our commitment to innovation remains stronger than ever.
```
